This is a project built with React, Redux, and Google's Firebase. I built this as one of my first React projects without a tutorial while I was learning to work with the Fetch API. It was also an opportunity for me to go through my code and make sure I document what I was doing so others can use it. There's a few key things to note on this project as I was working with Firebase Realtime database

- Firebase implemented the need for use of App Check with reCAPTCHA to keep your database secure. It is important to go through their documentation on how to set it up for both testing and production use. https://firebase.google.com/docs/app-check/web/recaptcha-provider is a good place to start. When enforced, Fetch requests will receive a 401 error. In app check requests metrics, they will show up as unverified outdated requests. Appcheck debug token is enabled in index.html currently.

- You will need to run npm install firebase to install their SDK. You will also need to install Redux

- User interface updates work by receiving a notification from Firebase about changes to the database, and then updating the state with Redux. This allows Firebase to return an item with an ID automatically generated by Firebase, rather than trying to create the key ourselves. The code snippet for this is found in App.js.

- The console will reflect issues that have to do with cookies. These aren't important until you decide to push the project to production

- Styling has not been optimized for mobile viewing or any specific screen sizes.
